Update authentication documentation for Notifications (#1468)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/errors/liveblocks-client/access-tokens-not-enough-permissions.mdx

### Why this error occured

> The client can request an access token to access resources outside a specific
> room, this is the case for Notifications for example. When it happens, your auth
> endpoint has to issue an access token that grants access to more than one room
> using wildcards (`*`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client may request an access token to access resources beyond a specific room, like Notifications. In such cases, your auth endpoint should issue an access token that grants access to multiple rooms using wildcards (`*`).
```
